4 / 5
Reflect on the strengths and weaknesses of your team:
  -- How did each team member's strengths contribute to the overall
    result of the project?
  -- If you had to do this again, how would you use each member's
    strengths differently to maximise the success of the project?


16 / 20
Present your contributions to the FOSS project of your choice:
1/ 1 -- Explain the process you followed for choosing the feature (for
    the last deliverable).
1/ 1 -- Reflect on the choice of the feature.
3/ 3 -- Demonstrate the feature.
8/ 10 -- Present the design and implementation of the feature:
       -- How does your contribution fit into the overall
          design/architecture of the project?
       -- What software design decisions did you make? Why were these
          the best decisions?
       -- What was the most challenging part of the design and
          implementation?
3/ 5  -- Present the complete verification and validation strategy you
        followed. Explain your choices.
  -- If you have submitted a PR, present the results.


10 / 10
Present software processes, methods, and tools that you used in
  your work:
5/ 5  -- Describe the specifics of the software process.
2/ 2  -- Explain why this process worked (or didn't work!) for your
        team for your project.
3/ 3  -- Reflect on the good and bad decisions you made along the way,
        and any course corrections you made.

I was happy to see that you were well prepared for the presentation.
You were able to answer my questions well.
The demo was good.
Your presentation did not properly address the issues of design and
implementation of the feature, but you were able to answer my
questions on the topic effectively, with the use of appropriate
diagrams.
The verification strategy had some flaws: lack of unit tests. I looked into
the issue and it seems there is a standard way to test for the onclick events.
A bit more research into the codebase would have been appropriate.
I was happy to see that you put in the work to learn a software process
and apply the knowledge in your project. It was a great improvement from
our first meeting. One important thing to note is that you cannot call
something "code review" if it does not correspond to what the software
engineering community defines as "code review". 
Overall, I am happy to see that you were able to produce a significant
contribution as part of the course.
